What is Soulsmile Club?|Soulsmile Club introduces a new way to donate without spending extra. When you shop through the links on our website or our browser extension, Soulsmile Club earns commission, also known as soulsmiles. Instead of keeping it, we donate ALL proceeds to the causes listed on our site. By using Soulsmile Club, you can bring real financial support to worthy social causes, without spending extra!
Where do soulsmiles come from? Why are retailers willing to give up a percentage of the sales?|Soulsmile Club makes use of a widespread marketing practice called affiliate marketing. Affiliates (think Instagram influencers, famous bloggers, etc.) channel traffic and sales for brands and get a commission off of qualifying purchases. You can think of Soulsmile Club like an influencer. Every time you click through a shopping link from Soulsmile Club and make a qualifying purchase, Soulsmile Club receives a commission usually ranging from 3-5% of the purchase. However, instead of keeping the commission, we donate it to the causes listed on our site.
How does Soulsmile Club make money? Is it a non-profit?|Soulsmile Club is a registered non-profit organization. For non-profit organizations who join Soulsmile Club now, there are currently no fees. We also donate the commissions we earn entirely to the social causes. However, we do have a business model to sustain ourselves in the long run. Similar to other giving platforms like Patreon, Soulsmile Club plans to collect a membership fee from organizations who join us later on.
How do I use Soulsmile Club? How does it work?|You can either shop using the affiliate links through our website, or you could use our browser extension, which will give you notifications when you reach a Soulsmile Club partner retailer's website and allow you to earn soulsmiles if you wish. 
How much commission is Soulsmile donating?|Percentage commission varies according to the retailer: for example, EarthHero, Best Buy, Logitech, Champion and Macy's give 3-5% in commission. We receive 10% from Pillow Guy and 20% from Girlfriend Collective. Other retailers vary in commission anywhere from 1% to 20%. Regardless of the percentage commission we gain from each retailer, every penny counts! Soulsmile Club donates ALL of the commission to causes and organizations that need it most!
Is Soulsmile Club the same as other donation programs, like Amazon Smile?|It is a similar concept, but Amazon Smile only donates 0.5% of your purchase. If you shop through Soulsmile Club’s banners or our extension, we usually receive 3-5% of your purchase in commission (but sometimes up to 20%!), and we direct all proceeds to the causes listed on our website.
Why does the Soulsmile Club Chrome extension ask for permission to "read and change data" and "read my browsing history"?|In order to function properly and allow you to earn soulsmiles, the Soulsmile Club extension needs your permission to "read and change data" and "read your browsing history" for shopping sites that Soulsmile Club is partnered with. This is because we need to be able to determine whether you are on one of our partner websites and show notifications on those sites so we can give you the option to earn soulsmiles. The only information we record is the timestamp of your last visit of the website, in order to determine whether and when we should show you a notification. We also never redirect your browser to our affiliate link unless you give us express permission to do so by clicking a "Yes" button in our notification. We take your privacy very seriously, and we do not see or store any browsing history or data beyond this purpose. More details about privacy and security can be found in our Privacy Policy.
Help, my browser extension isn't working properly! What should I do?|We're sorry to hear you're experiencing difficulties. :( Please submit your feedback at tiny.cc/soulsmile-feedback -- leave your email address, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can!
Can I donate to other causes or charities?|Not yet! As of right now, we will be directing ALL proceeds towards the organizations listed on our website, but stay tuned for further updates! If there's a cause or organization you're particularly passionate about, feel free to let us know at hello@soulsmile.club :)
There's an online website I love shopping at, but it's not listed on the Soulsmile Club website! Is there any way it can be added as a retailer?|Definitely! We love hearing your suggestions for new retailers to partner with, especially socially conscious, ethical, and sustainable brands. Feel free to send us your suggestions at hello@soulsmile.club!
Does Soulsmile Club work outside of the U.S.?|There may be exceptions depending on your country, but currently, we only guarantee purchases within the U.S. to earn soulsmiles.
I'm interested in partnering with Soulsmile Club as a retailer or a nonprofit organization. How can I get in touch?|Contact us anytime at hello@soulsmile.club, or reach out to us on our Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or LinkedIn pages!